OK so now I'm going to convert this to an uncontrolled component.
So to start getting the lead all the things we don't need and that is the difference between uncontrolled
and controlled just going to delete all of this and I get to go right here and get and just delete the
value and delete of this.
OK.
So since we want to create an uncontrolled component and we want to use refs because that that's an
example going to do just create a ref for this code to say ref This is called and what we can do.
This is some E-6 magic.
Does this just just just to save code.
We can assign to ref the value of this.
So I'm going to say this input is going to be equal to this name and then école imposed.
And now instead of making reference whenever we call this to this dog draft's that something and then
the name of the ref just assigned to this that name.
OK let's do the same thing for the other one.
I'm going to say There's that name and instead of name it's going to be last name.
OK.
Now what I'm going to creek I'm going to create a listener for this is going to say create a button
and it's going to be unclick.
And whenever we cook this button we can submit the form and catch data.
We have inside this form.
So I was going to be again just sign up something that makes sense sign up good and this unclick is
going to trigger a function that's going to be handle.
So I've met click one or so this function is just going to graph the data we have inside the refs is
going to be handled submit.
It's going to be equal to an Fatfat or a function and this fat function is going to graph the data it's
going to put it inside of our table.
Because I want to show you what we get from this.
So I'm going to store everything into an object just like state.
So this one is going to be Konst name and the name is going to be against these we make this association
with the A-6 instead of calling this refs dot the name of the ref and then the value what we can do
is we can call this that name this dot name and then just value.
Ok then we have the last name and this just to show you the difference between an in control and control
component with drafts.
So it's a value.
OK.
And at the end whenever it's when everything after everything it's ready I'm just going to cancel log
the values.
I made a mistake once.
Let me check why it's just values is not a value.
I wanted to choose one values.
I go OK.
So if I enter Frances and if I entered Jones is the last name I clicked sign up.
Oh and the form is going to of course is going to just reload the application.
It's because I'm using forms to delete the form because we don't need it right now.
We're using an on click one second I know I know this is because I'm trying to go fast and I made mistakes.
OK.
So I'm going to type Frances and then Joan's going to sign up.
We get the name and the last name.
And you know all these cunning coding is not to show you how to do the coding is to show you the difference
between a controlled and in control.
And I'm just going to delete this just to simplify the code.
Look at this.
We just did one function with a couple of lines.
The other way the control component we use three different functions.
And we did a lot of logic setting up the state and then updating the state Inside Value.
Well this is the difference making it an uncontrolled component with the forms and refs is really really
easy and there's not a lot of code involved but the with control component you get all the functionalities
from react because you're using re-act for everything but you need to do a lot of set up.
That is the main difference.
Again react react just advice you to use control components anyways and that's what why you should use
it.
And again why bothering using react if at the end it's just going to use refs you know make sense.
OK.
So this is enough for this section.
We're going to start with something new on the next sections and we're going to do a project just put
a lot of time into that project.
I try to emulate real live projects.
So let's go to the next section.